Lisa Simpson takes moral stands on many an issue & also plays a mean one of these instruments
She solves mysteries with Scooby Doo, and is known for her catchphrase "Jinkies!"
Mother to Judy & Elroy, Jane is the glue that keeps this TV family of the future together
Bubbles is a member of this original Townsville trio of big-eyed heroes
In 2005 Charlize Theron brought this animated futuristic MTV secret agent to the big screen
This retailer is right on TGT
HD, DVD, A/V, L.E.D., HDMI... it's all here at this store--BBY
This company, CVX, can get gassy
RAD, this corporation, will totally sell you drugs
In Feb. 2018 one "A" share of this, BRK, was going for about $310,000 a pop
The Seine River
The Tiber River
The 300-mile-long Han River
The River Liffey
The Tagus River
Can you solve this puzzle in speedcubing? Can you solve it in the world record time of 4.22 seconds?
The scouting badge seen here covers this type of canoe in flatwater--the whitewater badge is for rapids
Lapidary is polishing & cutting these
If you live in the UK, you can try gongoozling, staring at passing boats on these, like the Kennet & Avon one
From Turkish for "napkin", this craft is all about the knots
A gecko that only shows up during a fierce winter snowstorm
The price of thin ice crystals forming on the ground or other surfaces
Eating utensil for use during the seasonal rainy period of southeast Asia
A daily record of the pollution in L.A. or Beijing
A brief rush of wind carrying fine, powdery earth
(Kelly of the Clue Crew presents from Edison Labs in Menlo Park, NJ.) On a historic day in 1877, Edison spoke "Mary had a little lamb" into this device; he later recalled his surprise at its instant success, saying, "I was always afraid of things that worked the first time"
(Kelly of the Clue Crew presents from Edison Labs in Menlo Park, NJ.) Thomas Edison regularly worked 80-hour weeks & punched his own time clock, making him a living example of his familiar dictum: "Genius is 1% inspiration, 99%" this
(Kelly of the Clue Crew presents from Edison Labs in Menlo Park, NJ.) In 1894 Edison filmed members of Buffalo Bill's Wild West show, including this trick-shot artist in action
(Jimmy of the Clue Crew presents from Edison Labs in Menlo Park, NJ.) In 1875 Edison invented an electric needle pen for copying documents, but the pen was a failure--but in 1891, it was adapted into the needle pen still used today for this body modification process
(Kelly of the Clue Crew presents from Edison Labs in Menlo Park, NJ.) Written after a 1914 fire damaged the labs, a letter offering Edison best wishes for continuing health & success shows that the rivalry between Edison & this European electrical genius was not as bitter as it's sometimes made out to be